we think it would be very prudent can we
turn our beds in the bunk beds yes why
are you guys so sweaty
all right we've already figured out how
to do this the best match up perfectly
here's the thing it will give us so much
extra space in our room to do activities
please say yes you don't need permission
from us to build bunk beds you're adults
you can do what you want
so I'm not making myself clear I don't
give a no you both have several
interviews tomorrow I would think you'd
be focused on that and not building bunk
beds okay no yes yes I knew it okay you
guys are not gonna regret this we're get
so much more activities done this is the
funnest night this is so scary
did I hear a drill Dale Dale no power
tools no power tools there's not your
toothbrush yeah that looks like you want
you to buy from a store so many
activities do step class making my head
spin oh it's so bad what everywhere
don't my dear why don't you let's do
that it's so bad how would you describe
that it's not so bad right see put your
beds back rumpus time is over
[Music]